added api documentation for allowed workspaces on agent pools page (#49)
hashicorp/terraform-docs-common: website/docs/cloud-docs/api-docs/agents.mdx

| `sort`         | **Optional.** Allows sorting the returned agents pools. Valid values are `"name"` and `"created-at"`. Prepending a hyphen to the sort parameter will reverse the order (e.g. `"-name"`). |
| `page[number]` | **Optional.** If omitted, the endpoint will return the first page.                                                                                                                       |
| `page[size]`   | **Optional.** If omitted, the endpoint will return 20 agent pools per page.                                                                                                              |

> | `filter[allowed_workspaces][name]` | **Optional.** Allows filtering of agent pools based on allowed workspace name. Available in Terraform Enterprise v202207-1 and later.                                |                                                                             |

Reviewer: Can we explain what allowed workspaces actually means? Do we mean "based on the workspaces that have permission to use the agent pool"?  And can we only have one workspace name? Like is this "for a specific workspace that is configured to use the agent pool"?

> | `filter[allowed_workspaces][name]` | **Optional.** Allows filtering of agent pools based on allowed workspace name. Available in Terraform Enterprise v202207-1 and later.                                |                                                                             |

Reviewer: What do you think of this? Is this right?

```suggestion
| `filter[allowed_workspaces][name]` | **Optional.** Filters agent pools to those associated with the given workspace. The workspace must have permission to use the agent pool. Refer to [Scoping Agent Pools to Specific Workspaces](/docs/cloud-docs/agents#scoping-agent-pools-to-specific-workspaces). Available in Terraform Enterprise v202207-1 and later.                                |                                                                             |
```
```suggestion
| `filter[allowed_workspaces][name]` | **Optional.** Allows filtering of agent pools based on allowed workspace name. Available in Terraform Enterprise v202207-1 and later.                                |                                                                             |
```

Author: I'll update this, thanks. Should we also explicitly tell that agent pool with org scoped will also be filtered here as they are technically also accessible to the given workspace?

Properties without a default value are required.

| Key path               | Type   | Default | Description                                                                                                                                                                                                           |
| ---------------------- | ------ | ------- | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| `data.type`            | string |         | Must be `"agent-pools"`.                                                                                                                                                                                              |
| `data.attributes.name` | string |         | The name of the agent-pool, which can only include letters, numbers, `-`, and `_`. This will be used as an identifier and must be unique in the organization.                                                         |

> | `data.attributes.organization-scoped`             | bool   |   true   | The scope of the agent-pool. If true then the agent pool is allowed to be used by all the workspaces in the organization. Available in Terraform Enterprise v202207-1 and later.          |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `data.attributes.organization-scoped`             | bool   |   true   | The scope of the agent-pool. If true then the agent pool is allowed to be used by all workspaces in the organization. Available in Terraform Enterprise v202207-1 and later.          |
```

> | `data.relationships.allowed-workspaces.data.type` | string |    ""    | Must be `"workspaces"` if provided. Available in Terraform Enterprise v202207-1 and later.                                                                                                |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `data.relationships.allowed-workspaces.data.type` | string |       | Must be `"workspaces"`. Available in Terraform Enterprise v202207-1 and later.                                                                                                |
```

> | `data.relationships.allowed-workspaces.data.id`   | string |         | The ID of the workspace that is allowed to use the agent pool. Available in Terraform Enterprise v202207-1 and later.                                                        |

Reviewer: When we say "allowed", are we referencing scoping? 

I wonder if we should add "Refer to [Scoping Agent Pools to Specific Workspaces](/docs/cloud-docs/agents#scoping-agent-pools-to-specific-workspaces) for details.

Also - can you scope it to only ONE workspace, or more than one?

Author: Yes, it refers to scoping and we can scope of an agent pool to multiple workspaces

> | `data.relationships.allowed-workspaces.data.id`   | string |         | The ID of the workspace that is allowed to use the agent pool. Available in Terraform Enterprise v202207-1 and later.                                                        |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `data.relationships.allowed-workspaces.data.id`   | string |         | The ID of the workspace that is allowed to use the agent pool. Refer to [Scoping Agent Pools to Specific Workspaces](/docs/cloud-docs/agents#scoping-agent-pools-to-specific-workspaces). Available in Terraform Enterprise v202207-1 and later.                                                        |
```

> | `data.relationships.allowed-workspaces.data.id`   | string |    ""    | The ID of the workspace that is allowed to use the agent pool. Available in Terraform Enterprise v202207-1 and later.                                                                     | 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `data.relationships.allowed-workspaces.data.id`   | string |       | The ID of the workspace that is allowed to use the agent pool. Available in Terraform Enterprise v202207-1 and later.                                                                     | 
```

Properties without a default value are required.

| Key path                                          | Type   | Default          | Description                                                                                                                                                                  |
|---------------------------------------------------|--------|------------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `data.type`                                       | string |                  | Must be `"agent-pools"`.                                                                                                                                                     |
| `data.attributes.name`                            | string | (previous value) | The name of the agent pool, which can only include letters, numbers, `-`, and `_`. This will be used as an identifier and must be unique in the organization.                |

> | `data.attributes.organization-scoped`             | bool   | true             | The scope of the agent-pool. If true then the agent pool is allowed to be used by all workspaces in the organization. Available in Terraform Enterprise v202207-1 and later. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `data.attributes.organization-scoped`             | bool   | true             | The scope of the agent pool. If true, all workspaces in the organization can use the agent pool. Available in Terraform Enterprise v202207-1 and later. |
```
```suggestion
| `data.attributes.organization-scoped`             | bool   | true             | The scope of the agent-pool. If true then the agent pool is allowed to be used by all workspaces in the organization. Available in Terraform Enterprise v202207-1 and later. |
```

> | `data.relationships.allowed-workspaces.data.type` | string |    ""    | Must be `"workspaces"` if provided. Available in Terraform Enterprise v202207-1 and later.                                                                                                |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `data.relationships.allowed-workspaces.data.type` | string |        | Must be `"workspaces"`. Available in Terraform Enterprise v202207-1 and later.                                                                                                |
```

> | `data.relationships.allowed-workspaces.data.id`   | string |                  | The ID of the workspace that is allowed to use the agent pool. Available in Terraform Enterprise v202207-1 and later.                                                        |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `data.relationships.allowed-workspaces.data.id`   | string |                  | The ID of the workspace that is allowed to use the agent pool. Refer to [Scoping Agent Pools to Specific Workspaces](/docs/cloud-docs/agents#scoping-agent-pools-to-specific-workspaces). Available in Terraform Enterprise v202207-1 and later.                                                        |
```
```suggestion
| `data.relationships.allowed-workspaces.data.id`   | string |                  | The ID of the workspace that is allowed to use the agent pool. Available in Terraform Enterprise v202207-1 and later.                                                        |
```

> | `data.relationships.allowed-workspaces.data.id`   | string |    ""    | The ID of the workspace that is allowed to use the agent pool. Available in Terraform Enterprise v202207-1 and later.                                                                     |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| `data.relationships.allowed-workspaces.data.id`   | string |       | The ID of the workspace that is allowed to use the agent pool. Available in Terraform Enterprise v202207-1 and later.                                                                     |
```
